Fix broken option ``--prepend-package`` in pydoctor 22.7.0 (#645)
twisted/pydoctor: README.rst

in development
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * Fix broken option ``--prepend-package`` in pydoctor 22.7.0.

Reviewer: maybe a bit of more info for the release notes.

```suggestion
* The ``--prepend-package`` now work as documented and DOES-EXPECTED-BEHAVIOUR. A regression was introduced in pydoctor 22.7.0 and it was DOING-UNEXPECTED-BEHAVIOUR.
```

Reviewer: I think that this was not applied... can be applied as a drive-by for another PR .
No problem.
